ROBINSON C. DOMINGO
09615431176 |  robinsondomingo11@gmail.com | portfolio

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Experienced IT Professional with over 4 years of hands-on experience in managing IT infrastructures, specializing in networking, automation testing, data analysis, and technical support. Skilled in network infrastructure management, including switches, routers, firewalls, servers, NAS, and wireless access points. Proficient in backup and disaster recovery planning and knowledgeable in implementing IT security policies and procedures. Proven track record of delivering high-quality technical solutions, support, and automation scripting for improved operational efficiency


EDUCATION
College: Bachelor of Information Technology |Our Lady of the Pillar College, Cauayan Isabela | 2011 - 2019
High School: School of Saint Joseph, | Naguilian Isabela |  2006 - 2011
Elementary: Naguilian Elementary School, | Naguilian Isabela | 2001 – 2006


WORK EXPERIENCE
Logistic Personnel (Data Analyst) 
PRIFE International, Pasig, Quezon City
April 2024 – December 2024 

•	Automated data gathering, cleaning, report generation, and analysis processes using Python and spreadsheet tools to improve logistics reporting efficiency.
•	Created complex Google Sheets and Excel files for data collection, management, and tracking.
•	Developed clear data visualizations to communicate analysis findings to the team and facilitate easier understanding of key metrics.

Data System Analyst (ICTD) 
Cooperative Development Authority, Cubao, Quezon City
June 2021 – 2023 

•	Troubleshot and diagnosed problems to accurately resolve a wide range of technical issues for end-users.
•	Configured hardware, devices, and software to efficiently set up and maintain workstations for new and existing employees.
•	Provided end-user support via telephone, email, and in-person inquiries, patiently walking individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.
•	Trained users on the operation of the Computer System, ensuring smooth adoption of new technologies.
•	Initiated an Access database for improved resource utilization, reducing costs through strategic management and contract analysis.

Technical Support (with Finance Focus) 
Cooperative Development Authority, Cubao, Quezon City
February 2019 – June 2021 

•	Provided technical assistance to the Finance and HR Divisions, helping to streamline their processes and improve workflow.
•	Contributed to finance operations by overseeing budgets, payroll, and accounts payable and receivable.
•	Assisted in the preparation of accurate financial statements at the end of the quarter.
•	Directed budget development, creation of budgetary controls, and maintained recordkeeping systems.


CORE TECHNICAL SKILLS

PROGRAMMING / AUTOMATION
Python , Javascript , HTML , CSS , JAVA , Scripting and Task Automation , Web Scraping , Task Scheduling , Web programming.

DATA ANALYSIS
Data Analysis , Numpy , Pandas , SQL and Database Modeling/Structure , Data virtualization

NETWORKING & INFRASTRUCTURE
Switches and Routers , Network Infrastructure Monitoring , Network Testing , Installation and Configuration , Troubleshooting , Network Upgrades and Expansion.

CYBER SECURITY
Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) App: Sumo Logic , Data Security , Security Analytics.

IT SUPPORT
Help Desk Support , Software and Hardware Assistance , Closing Tickets , System Maintenance and Repair , Technical Documentation , User Training Expertise.

FINANCE / ADMIN
Financial Data Analyzation , Account Reconciliation , Spreadsheet Tracking , Financial Reporting and Analysis.

MEDIA PRODUCTION
Live Streamer , Video Producer , Video Editing , Camera Operator.


IT, NETWORKING, AND CYBER SECURITY TRAININGS

Advanced / Extensive Learning Path (Intermediate Level) of the NATIONAL CYBER DRILL 2022 (Building Cybersecurity Allies: Lifting Nation's Cyber Response Capacity and Creating a Digitally Prepared Community) - November 29, 2022 
Basic Learning Path for Optimal Familiarity (Entry level / Beginners) of the NATIONAL CYBER DRILL 2022 - November 28, 2022 

SOC Network with Threat Detection and Analysis Workshop - Phoenix One Knowledge Solutions - January 10-14, 2022 

Penetration testing with Kali Linux - Phoenix One Knowledge Solutions - December 20-21 & 27 - 29, 2021 

Cybersecurity Incident Response (CIR) - Phoenix One Knowledge Solutions - January 3-7 2022 

CDA Information Systems and Cybersecurity Awareness Training - September 8-9, 2022 

Networking in Google Cloud: Hybrid Connectivity and Network Management - Mar 14, 2022 

Networking in Google Cloud: Defining and Implementing Networks - Mar 11, 2022 

Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure - Mar 3, 2022 

Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation - Mar 3, 2022 

Basic JavaScript Training - DICT Luzon Cluster Training (30 hours) - January 18-22, 25-29, 2021 

Orientation and Workshop on the Electronic Document Tracking and Management Information System (EDTMIS) - September 8-9, 2022
